This is an upcoming developer meeting.

## Location
The `#development` channel in the [Principia Discord server](/discord), also bridged and available in the [Principia Matrix space](/matrix).

## Time
The meeting starts at 18:00 GMT on the 4th of January 2025. It will be going on for as long as there are things to discuss.

## Agenda
Host: ROllerozxa

This is the first time we will be having a formal meeting for the open source project, originally suggested by Luna. For this meeting I don't have any specific points to bring up, other than to discuss the future of the game and to promote its further development. For example how to help on-boarding new contributors and simplifying the process of learning the game's codebase, or doing outreach for people who may be interested in the game (either as players or as contributors).

If other prospective contributors have things to bring up to discussion for the meeting then they are welcome to.

## Meeting notes
TBA
